Update contributing guidelines. (#503)
EducationalTestingService/skll: README.rst

~~~~~~~~~

See `GitHub releases <https://github.com/EducationalTestingService/skll/releases>`__.

Contribute
~~~~~~~~~~

> Thank you for your interest in contributing to SKLL! See `CONTRIBUTING.md <https://github.com/EducationalTestingService/skll/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md>`__ for instructions on getting started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank you for your interest in contributing to SKLL! See `CONTRIBUTING.md <https://github.com/EducationalTestingService/skll/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md>`__ for instructions on how to get started.
```
